♪ That's right I'm rolling with my guild three-deep ♪
♪ You can try and creep to this wizard thug ♪
♪ But you're gonna catch a motherfuckin' lightning slug ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ Don't make this wizard mad ♪
♪ Don't make this wizard pissed ♪
♪ I can kill a hill giant with a flick of my wrist ♪
♪ Go ahead dude, give it a try ♪
♪ Motherfucker, wizards can't die ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ Kind of surprised
once in the eyes ♪
♪ You're so hypnotized ♪
♪ Said to me,
I'll make you cry ♪
♪ We wizards never die ♪
Hoo ha!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
- Cut! Cut! Cut, cut.
- What?
Why are you ripping
you shirt off?
Why aren't you guys
ripping you shirt off?
We're trying to get people
excited, right?
The world needs to see
the madness
that is my upper torso, okay?
Whatever, man.
And what is up with you,
miss pouting princess
in the corner?
Where is your head at?
I mean, come on,
the ren faire is in two weeks.
And we are opening for
Mike "The Throat" Davenport.
He is the premiere sword
swallower in the county!
I get that,
but this entire thing
is completely disrespectful
to the rap game.
Are-
are you being for real?
I'm as real
as the streets, okay?
And I'm not about to whore out
my rap skillz,
with a "Z,"
to some adult nerds gone wild.
Yeah, Ders,
but these adult nerds
have huge adult nerd
boobs, dude.
Okay, remember
high school drama nerds?
Those girls and some
big ol' boobs, right?
- Yeah, yeah, they did.
- You got me back, and I'm back.
Hey! Guys!
What part of irwindale
renaissance pleasure faire
sounds like a joke to you guys?
Huh?
Okay, look.
I want you guys to start
acting your age!
All right?
Which is 4,178 years old.
If you would
have even bothered
to crack
the players handbook open
that I left on your bed,
AnDers!
♪ I'm fresh ♪
♪ you gotta, you gotta,
you gotta ♪
♪ you gotta be fresh ♪
Ah, this guy's really putting
the "work" in workout, huh?
Yeah.
I respect his commitment,
though.
It's cool.
Did he just
bring those from home?
Oh, yeah.
And the wizard beats, he says
they make him stronger,
which... Seems they do.
- That I understand.
- Yeah.
Mind if I light up?
Free country.
Ahh.
Whew.
Who's that lady?
Why is she just standing there?
That's Sharon Levano.
She owns the building.
What the [Bleep] Is he doing?
Uh, we're on a stress break.
We had a super busy morning,
so we're just cuttin' loose.
Yeah, I mean, we were
really pulling our hair out.
But I'm sure he'll be
done in a minute
and get in here,
flex that sales muscle for ya.
Do they know each other?
Have they met?
Oh, my-
Okay!
- Jesus Christ.
- Wow.
Oh, my gosh, is that a-
over-the-pants handy?
Ohh.
Yeah.
Whoa.
Yeah, Adam.
Uh, you're just-you're missing
wizard rehearsal again.
So I'm just kind of
worried sick about you,
wondering where you are.
So-oh, here you are.
You are here.
You're-
you're here in person.
I'll talk to you... Now.
Hey.
Dude, what the hell?
Where have you been?
It's been like three days.
Have you guys ever met someone
that just gets you
on all levels?
Makes you feel like your souls
are boning each other
in the spirit world.
Are you talking about
that super-old lady
from the roof?
Sharon is as old as my mom is.
And her and my dad
have sex on the regular.
Oh, and, fwi,
I'm in love.
I did it.
So I'm gonna be moving out.
Okay, it's not not "fwi. "
It's f. Y.I.
"For your information. "
Okay, Ders.
I know how to spell, all right?
And in the 75 hours
that I've known Sharon,
she's done more for me
and my bodybuilding career...
Than you guys ever have.
Dude, you can't just move out.
What about rent?
Yeah, what about, uh,
the wizards?
Ren faire?
You guys should
come over sometime.
We've been thinking of doing
some more entertaining.
Oh, and fwi, Ders...
We've got a great pool.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Huh!
Wow, he's really doing this.
So what are we thinking?
I'm thinking we gotta
break these two up.
Lover boy is in
for a rude awakening.
Rude!
All right, here's the deal.
I'm gonna get in there,
seduce Sharon old norse style,
bed her down, and Adam will
never want a piece of her again.
Wait, why do you always get
to seduce the girls.
Because I have no emotions.
You'll let your heart
get in the way.
You know that.
Yeah, that's true.
I can't just love 'em
and leave 'em.
Never could.
Actually, I've never had
the opportunity yet.
Sharon!
My work friends are here!
Hey, buddy.
These are for you.
Wow, lookin' good.
Thank you!
Let me show ya in.
'Cause this pad is...
Sick!
- He looks Asian. Wow.
- He looks somethin'.
Whee!
Welcome to my house!
Cool pad, right?
We're just thinking of knocking
some walls out this bitch.
Just really making it our own,
you know what I mean?
It was her house.
Now it's gonna be our house.
So we kind of have to adjust
to that whole sitch.
Hey, buddy, someday, I hope
I have a house like this.
Keep dreamin'.
Takes a lot of hard work.
So I doubt
you're ready for it, but...
Where's this little pond
you call a pool?
Pool? Right out here.
Guess what-Sharon has this dude
that comes and cleans it.
Weekly.
Let's go check it out.
- Nope! Hey...
- Hang on.
Why don't you let Ders
hit the pool?
You need to show me
the rest of this house,
if that's okay.
Oh, you want
the el touro de la grando, huh?
I think so.
Spanish.
Learn Spanish.
I'm gonna check out the pool.
Spanish style.
Spanish style home.
I'll see you guys.
And this is the bedroom.
Uhh!
Where the magic happens.
- Ho ho ho!
- Yeah, a lot of magic.
Lots o' magic.
Careful, this door handle's
a little loose.
Why? 'Cause of magic.
Magic happened on this step.
And some magic here.
So this is her son's bedroom,
a. K.A. Magic town.
I get up something like this...
And just do a lot of magic
this way.
Oh, what do you think
that smell is, Blake?
- Magic.
- Nope, Turkey bacon.
Good guess, though.
♪ ♪
Hey, legs, Anders Holmvik.
Junior national champion, 2005.
How's it going?
Oh... You work
for Adam, right?
"Work. "
Is that what he said?
That's great.
No, I'm like a, uh...
Father figure to the kid.
- Hmm.
- So yard you got here.
Do you ever see
any butterflies?
You see that?
I just flipped off that.
Whoo! You got that
butterfly joke, right?
Yeah, I don't swim, so...
Well, it's never
too late to learn.
Oh... Okay, but I'm
taking my drink with me.
Deal.
And this right here
is my office.
This is where daddy
comes to work!
Oh ho!
Yeah, it is.
Welcome to the muscle factory.
Mm-hmm.
Got your wizard beats
right here.
Using them for the bodybuilding
competition.
Just gettin' swoll
with it, brotha.
Cool of you to disrespect
the wizard beats like that.
That's not what they're for.
Yeah?
Well, I'm using 'em.
Let's go to the pool
and see what Ders
is up to, right?
No! Hey, wait.
Why don't you show me
how this guy works, huh?
- Ohh! Come on, dude.
- Oh, shoot.
What did I say?
This is my tool shed.
These are my tools,
and you throw them
on the ground?
I thought it was your office.
It's both, all right?
Show me how these tool/office
supplies work, bud.
Okay.
This is my pen.
And this is my wrench.
Uhhaah!
Woof!
Sometimes, I like to keep
the windows open
and just scream loud
so, like, people think
we're having sex
or working out.
They're not sure-it's just
real guttural noises.
Like, uhh!
Uhhuhh!
Ooohh!
- Very cool.
- Mm-hmm.
Don't worry.
I'm gonna be gentle.
You just arch your back.
Lean back.
Take a deep breath.
Are you trying to seduce me?
I'm trying to "seders" you.
Uhhaah!
Oh! Hello!
Legs, heh heh.
Bungee cord does the trick,
I'll say that much.
They say your calves are
75% genetics.
But, uh, you know,
evidently my grandpa demap
was a total pussy.
The guy was not svelte.
I don't know if I should-
so I have a lot of work to do
before the competition.
I'll figure something out.
You sure about this?
Yeah, make sure
you get low, dude.
Get in that power squat.
Okay.
And then just stay low
to the ground,
work on your stems-
know what I mean?
Yeah.
Ders is diggin' the pool.
Oh, no,
you probably shouldn't-
- whoo!
- Okay-
what the hell?
Holmvik!
Adam, don't.
Ders!
No, wait, hold up.
You shouldn't-
okay! God damn-
Ders! He's coming!
Do her quick!
Anders holmvik!
Guess what, dude?
We're gonna fight now.
Are you ready for that?
Um, I'm kind of in the middle
of a lesson right now.
Ok, well, I'm kind of
in the middle
of destroying your whole face.
Move your legs
like an egg beater.
Are you a man, Anders?
You are frickin' dead, boy!
You are so dead.
Bring it.
- You are so dead, dude.
- Okay, hold the phone.
You are fully torqued, bro.
Well, yeah, I was about
to bone that lady!
- Ohh.
- Yeah, okay, yes.
But you're gonna have
to untorque your bone
before we can
continue anything.
I think everybody knows that
it's an unwritten rule:
Warriors cannot collide
while erect.
- Fine.
- Take five.
- Crank down.
Crank it down.
I mean, it's a great backyard.
Yean, it's pretty nice.
Thinking about putting
a koi pond over there.
- You got the room for it.
- Waterfall.
- Might as well.
- Yeah.
And the boner's down!
Fight!
Ohh! Come on!
Yeah, baby!
Yeah, baby, what?
- Whoa!
- Oh, yeah.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
- Choke it.
Break up!
Break it up! Break it up!
- What?
You guys both have boners now.
- What is going on?
- Wow!
It's contagious, dude!
You're too fleshy.
Put on a shirt.
This guys smells great.
It's like a coconut oil.
What is that?
Thank you.
It's my tanning cream.
Oh! Boners are down.
I'm gonna ruin you, man.
I'm gonna straight do
what I came here to do.
I'm gonna straight wreck you!
You're gonna die at my feet,
you small-minded-
- okay, I've got a boner.
- I've got one too.
Soon as I said "my feet,"
it was like...
Yeah, all the blood
just sort of-
that happened to me too.
That's what's weird about it.
- That's cool.
- This is really weird.
You know what?
We're not gonna fight right now.
That's official.
I'm torqued.
You're torqued right now.
But I know you can leave.
You can leave my house
and respect my woman.
That's what you can do.
Fine.
- Leave.
- Gladly.
Well, I have
a little announcement
for you, sir, because
you broke the blood oath,
and I want you to leave
our wizard crew.
What? Yeah.
Like I care.
And I'm taking the beats back.
- Ah, don't take the beats.
- Yeah.
No, don't take the beats.
Ohh! Don't take the beats!
I'm super-sad
about the beats!
I don't care, dude, because I
have a bodybuilding competition
on the same day.
And that's more important to me
than dressing up
like a fairy wizard.
- Wow.
- You know what, man?
It did not have
to go like this.
We're out of here.
You're such a dumb idiot!
Wow, okay.
I don't care.
I hope this goes away soon.
You infected me
with your boner.
We are going to be just fine.
Okay? We do not need Adam.
Oh, no.
We're great.
We're awesome, heh.
Just the two of us.
Best roommates ever.
Nothin's gonna change.
Nope.
Nothing is going to change!
It's not changing, buddy.
I know, I got that.
You're in the back.
Okay.
Blake! Beer me, dude!
One for big Ders,
and one for little Adam.
Wait...
♪ Ooh, what a friend I have
in you ♪
♪ I hope you feel the way ♪
Ohh! Suck it!
♪ A good best friend in you ♪
So...
Just two dudes in a jacuzzi.
Yeah.
This is not working.
No, this is not working at all.
We gotta get a new roommate.
Hey!
- Karl!
- How's it going, baby?
How you doin'?
Thanks for having me over, guys.
I'm ready to, uh, to join
human society one more time.
Call this couch.
Whoop, whoop,
whoop, whoop, whoop!
Surprise sandwich!
Ha ha!
Blake, I never agreed to this.
Oh, you guys, I'm so starving.
I'm so starving.
- ♪ Came here ♪
- ♪ To do what? ♪
Hey, left arm, how ya doin'?
Oh, you're gettin'
so much stronger.
Right arm, you're kind of
looking weak over there, buddy.
My office, five minutes.
Brush your teeth,
cut your fingernails,
and powder your balls.
I might even floss for you.
Whaaat?
Ohh! Yeah, that's it.
We're done.
Thank you.
Wow, that was-
that was exhausting.
My jaw hurts pretty bad.
It was-
ah, that was fun, though.
That was, like, intimate.
You were right up
in here, so...
Hey, where's that going?
Where's that-keep-
- I'm taking it off.
It's like it hurts pretty-
- yeah, that's okay.
You'll form a callus.
It's supposed to happen.
Keep it on. Be tough.
Okay.
Hey, maybe next time
we can use the strap-on
that God gave me, my-
pass. Pass.
No.
My...
Just gonna get 'em
taken up a little bit.
I appreciate all your hard...
Hey, guys, check out
my new wizard costume.
What's up?
Karl...
We're not barbarians.
What are you doing?
You're dressed like some kind
of God damn farm shaman.
No, I'm a high priest.
Whoo! And I won!
Yeah, baby, I wasn't even
racin' anyone,
but I would have won if I were.
I'd just like you to know
that you are trespassing.
All right?
And we are gonna just assume
that you are an intruder
at this point.
Okay, I'm sorry,
I'm just here to get
some clean shirts for work.
So if you wouldn't mind
excusing me.
Hey, watch the candles.
Oh, Jesus, Karl.
That's pretty cool, right?
You know what?
I think it's super-cute
that you guys are taking
this whole wizard/caveman thing
so seriously, I really do.
Yoooo!
Well, we are,
and guess what-
Karl is taking the wizards
to a whole new level.
- Yeah.
- That's right.
Speaking of that level, guys,
did I show you my crossbow?
You're ruining my life.
Okay, so remember,
wizards are immortal.
So they pretty much see
everything they've ever loved
pass away before them.
- Uh-
- All right?
Sad. But it's raw.
Use that emotion, okay?
- Cool, cool.
- Thanks.
Awesome.
Karl, go ahead and hit it.
- Absolutely.
- Okay.
Ohh. The cd is gone.
Adam.
Whoo!
Let's do this, boys!
Lookin' swoll, lookin' good.
Good luck out there.
I believe in all of us.
We're all gonna-we're
all gonna take a trophy home.
Are you the mascot for
the competition or something?
Is that what you do?
Are you the mascot for
the competition somethin?
Do we have a beef
already, dude?
All right, well...
Just be careful
out there, all right?
Careful?
I never am.
Whoo!
Aggh.
Welcome to the tri-valley
amateur bodybuilders
competition.
Give it up for our contenders!
Hey, there's Barry.
I sold that guy a garbage bag
full of growth hormones.
Hey, you're lookin' huge,
Barry!
Wow, this is pathetic.
Adam looks like
a baby man up there.
Let's focus here.
Let's just get the beats
and then get out of here.
We are like three hours
away from performing
in front of horses and knights.
Uh, I think we're gonna
stay for the solo.
This is gonna get interesting.
♪ ♪
Hyuaaah!
♪ He's insane, ahh ♪
♪ ♪
Shar-bear, it's me.
I don't see you out there.
I'll smash my solo, win
an awesome bodybuilding trophy.
You're gonna be so proud of me.
All right.
Thank you, Barry.
Hope you're on your way.
Miss you, see you soon. Okay.
Please welcome to the stage
our next contestant.
He's five feet eight,
weighing in at 240 pounds.
Well, that can't be right.
Uh, Adam "the snake"
Roberts demap!
Unh!
- All right.
- Here we go.
♪ ♪
Rahr!
Mm! Mm!
You know what?
I stand corrected.
The guy is a showman.
His body is lookin' tight.
Rooh!
Okay, that's... Not good.
What are you laughing at?
I'm yoked!
Don't laugh at my friend.
Okay?
Only i laugh at my friend.
He's got, like, ten times
more of the bravery than you.
I don't-I don't see you
with your shirt off.
You probably got
big, dark nipples!
Adam, you keep doing
what you're doing, bud.
No, no, no.
They're laughing out of respect.
It's a respect laugh!
Howie mandel
gets them all the time!
Hey, big guy.
Quit your cryin'.
We're here to make it better.
You're going back out there.
I'm so sorry
I bailed on you guys.
But I can't
go back out there.
They hate me.
It's okay, man.
You gotta go
back out there, though.
With us.
♪ I'm a wizard, bitch ♪
♪ You can't defeat me ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm predator too ♪
♪ Like Danny Glover
on the G.T. ♪
♪ And when I rap, son ♪
♪ I cast spells ♪
♪ And when I'm bangin'
yo' wench ♪
♪ I make it rain like helts ♪
♪ You know who it be ♪
♪ It's that crazy-ass mage ♪
♪ Walkin' out
the goblin fortress ♪
♪ With my loaded 12-guage ♪
♪ I be flyin' on a dragon ♪
♪ You be ridin' in a rental ♪
♪ While you dance
up in the club ♪
♪ I summon blizzard elemental ♪
♪ Straight out of mordor
for more ♪
♪ Wizards come to your door ♪
♪ Don't step to us ♪
♪ 'Cause we the number one
sorcerers ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Now we coastin' ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
Whoo!
- Whoo!
- Thank you!
Thank you!
Thanks.
I appreciate it.
Thank you very much, guys.
Whoo hoo!
Ooh, I think it's safe to say
you guys murdered it in there.
Yeah, I like your passion,
but an overall note:
Maybe just do it better
for me next time, okay?
- Okay.
- I'm sorry. You know what?
I've been so critical lately.
I gotta chill.
Dude, forget it.
This guy got a trophy.
We're all good.
Hey, I'm sorry
all my awesome muscles
got in the way
of our friendship for a while.
I'm not gonna let it
happen again.
Ya hear that?
I'm just happy to be
a part of it, finally.
No, Karl, you're out.
He's in, you're out.
Yeah, yeah.
- Thanks, guys.
- Sorry, Karl.
Oh... Here comes Sharon.
Hop on, monkey.
You missed the most important
moment of my life.
Come on, babe.
Get on the bike.
I've got a plane
waiting for us.
We're going to Iowa
to [Bleep] In the mud.
Really?
It's okay.
You want a life with Sharon?
We support you.
Yeah. Go for it, man.
She's hot.
I rked it to her last night.
You were great, by the way.
Always am.
Sharon, I'd love to go
to the east coast with you.
I really would, but...
I'm not gonna get on that bike.
We're through.
Fine.
You're up. Come on, dude.
- Me?
- Yeah.
Whoo! Let's roll!
Sayonara, boys.
Well, uh, you smell
like water trash.
I've changed my mind.
Get off.
- Sorry.
- That's all right, just...
Makes sense.
Jesus.
Sharon, I hated
chindoing you anyways!
It was weird!
It's chindo.
It's like a thing
that you strap on to your-
Hey, man...
If you don't want to tell us,
you don't have to.
We'll just...
Google it later.
Times of friendship.
You guys are my best friends.
Forever.
Uhh!
Ah, dude, Ders,
you got a boner.
- Ohh!
- So do I.
Sorry, guys.
Sync and correction by Mlmlte
www. addic7ed. com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org